add deep-research-doc (PR from TinaCMS) (#137)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Products: content/blogs/YakShaver/how-much-time-does-yakshaver-save.mdx

---
title: How much time does YakShaver save
date: '2025-03-18T13:00:00.000Z'
author: ''
---

According to a ChatGPT \[Deep Research]\([https://chatgpt.com/share/67d8bdb0-0f60-800d-af20-baba64a9a2eb?](https://chatgpt.com/share/67d8bdb0-0f60-800d-af20-baba64a9a2eb?)):

> Creating a high-quality work item, bug report, or PBI that meets the Definition of Ready in a Scrum project takes **2 to 4 hours** on average. This includes writing clear descriptions, acceptance criteria, and relevant details, along with refinement meetings and collaboration time, which typically account for 30–50% of the total effort. Complex items may take **6+ hours**, especially if they require deep technical discussions or dependencies on other teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a high-quality work item, bug report, or PBI that meets the Definition of Ready in a Scrum project takes **1 to 3 hours** on average. This includes writing clear descriptions, acceptance criteria, and relevant details, along with refinement meetings and collaboration time, which typically account for 30–50% of the total effort. Complex items may take **6+ hours**, especially if they require deep technical discussions or dependencies on other teams.
```
